DOCS-9118 ServiceNow 6.7 (#1062)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: servicenow/6.7/modules/ROOT/pages/servicenow-connector-examples.adoc

= ServiceNow Connector 6.7 Examples - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::servicenow/servicenow-ex-to-get-incident-table-keys.adoc, connectors::servicenow/servicenow-ex-to-get-record.adoc, connectors::servicenow/servicenow-ex-to-get-records-from-incident-table.adoc, connectors::servicenow/servicenow-XML-reference.adoc, connectors::servicenow/servicenow-connector-examples.adoc

> You can try the following examples in Studio or Design Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fully benefit from using Anypoint Connector for ServiceNow (ServiceNow Connector), see the following examples of configuring the connector both in Anypoint Studio and Design Center.
```

== Retrieve a ServiceNow Incident Record

In these steps, you create a Mule flow in Flow Designer that retrieves a record based on an incident number:

. Create a Mule application as a project in Flow Designer.

> . Add and configure an HTTP Listener as a trigger for your flow, and set a path such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add and configure an HTTP *Listener* as a trigger for your flow, and set the *Path* to `/incident/get`.
```

+

> ====
> `/incident/get`
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

+
Or, use the default configuration for the HTTP Listener connection.

> . Add the `Invoke` operation from the ServiceNow connector to your flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the ServiceNow *Invoke* operation to your flow.
```

+
** Configuration Name: `ServiceNow_Config`
** Username: `my_user_name`
** Password: `my_password`
** Service Address: `+https://my_account.service-now.com+`
** ServiceNow Version: `Paris`
+
If the connection test is unsuccessful, correct any invalid connection parameters and retest the connection.

. In the *Transport* tab for the ServiceNow configuration, set up, test, and save a `Basic Auth HTTP` Message Dispatcher.
+
Use the same username and password that you provided in the *General* tab, for example:
+
** Username: `my_user_name`
** Password: `my_password`
+
If the connection test is unsuccessful, correct any invalid connection parameters and retest the connection.

. Select the Web Service Configuration values for the ServiceNow connector, for example:
+
====
* Service: `incident`
* Operation: `getRecords`
====

. Make these values available as menu items in the *Service* and *Operation* fields.
+
====
The names become available once the connector loads the metadata for them. +

IMPORTANT: Do not add these names manually.
====
+
. Provide a transformation script for the connector.

> . From the `Invoke` operation in Design Center, click  *Map* for the *Body* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Invoke* operation in Design Center, click  *Map* for the *Body* field.
```

. Click the *Script* tab at the bottom of the *Body* window.
. Copy and paste in the transformation script as in this example:
+
----
%dw 2.0
output application/xml
ns inc http://www.service-now.com/incident
---
{
    inc#getRecords: {
        inc#number: "INC0012345"
    }
}
----
+
NOTE: This example changes the `output` data type to `application/xml`.

. Add a Logger to the end of your flow that takes `payload` as the message.
. Deploy, sync, or run the app.

> . Test the app by opening this from a browser: `+http://url.for.your.app:8081/incident/get+` or from an app such as Postman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Test the app by opening the URL `+http://url.for.your.app:8081/incident/get+` from a browser  or from an app such as Postman.
```

. Add the *Invoke* operation from ServiceNow after the *Transform* component.

. Set up, test, and save a ServiceNow configuration for the connection to the ServiceNow server. If the connection is unsuccessful, correct any invalid connection parameters, and test again.
+
image::servicenow-studio-connection-6.6.0.png[Servicenow studio connection]
+
image::servicenow-studio-config-transport-tab.png[Servicenow studio config transport tab]
+
. In the *General* tab in the navigation, set *Service* to `incident` and *Operation* to `getRecords`. +
. Optionally, you can choose *Show Reference Values* from the values (`ALL`, `TRUE`, `FALSE`) +
+
IMPORTANT: In Studio 7.5.0 and later you can choose `service` and `operation` keys without specifying the `Show Reference Values` key to resolve the metadata. However, in earlier Studio versions, metadata won’t be loaded until you specify all of the metadata keys, and if you don't specify all of the metadata keys, it results in a tooling exception.
+
image::servicenow-metadata-without-reference-values.png[Servicenow metadata for Studio 7.5.0 without reference values]
+
. Set the Message Body to `payload`. +

> . Add the Transform Message component to `transform XML to JSON` for better readablity. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the *Transform Message* component to `transform XML to JSON` for better readability. For example:
```

+
----
%dw 2.0
output application/json
---
payload

----
+

> . Add a Logger to the end of your flow that takes a `payload` (or `#[payload]`) as the message. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a *Logger* component to the end of your flow that takes a `payload` (or `#[payload]`) as the message. +
```

+
image::servicenow-flow-incident-getrecords.png[Servicenow flow - incident get records]
+

> . Deploy or Run your app. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Deploy or run your app. +
```

        "urgency": "1",
      }
    }
  }
}
----

If you use `ALL` for `Show Reference Values`, the response is similar to this abbreviated output, in which the response element name for the display value field begins with `dv`:

----
{
  "headers": {

  },
  "attachments": {

  },
  "body": {
    "getRecordsResponse": {
      "getRecordsResult": {
        "active": "1",
        "dv_active": "true",
        "activity_due": "2020-05-07 13:14:19",
        "dv_activity_due": "2020-05-07 06:14:19",
        "additional_assignee_list": null,
        "dv_additional_assignee_list": null,
        "approval": "not requested",
        "dv_approval": "Not Yet Requested",
      }
    }
  }
}
----
The response element name for the display value field is prefixed with `dv`.

For more information, see https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/orlando-application-development/page/integrate/inbound-soap/concept/return-display-reference-variables.html[ServiceNow - Display value].

== Retrieve ServiceNow Incident Table Keys

This example creates a Mule flow to retrieve keys from the Incident table in a ServiceNow instance.

. Create a Mule application as a project in Anypoint Studio 7. +

> . Add and configure an HTTP Listener trigger for your flow using a Path such as this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add and configure an HTTP *Listener* trigger for your flow, and set the *Path* to `/getkeys`.
```

+

> ====
> `/getkeys`
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

+

> . Add a Transform message component after the HTTP connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a *Transform Message* component after the HTTP *Listener* operation.
```

. Provide a transformation script similar to this (use a description that matches records in your ServiceNow incident table):

+
----
%dw 2.0
output application/xml
ns ns0 http://www.service-now.com/incident
---
{
	ns0#getKeys: {
		ns0#description: 'Test WSDL QA'
	}
}
----
+

> . Add the `Invoke` operation from the ServiceNow connector after the *Transform* component. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the ServiceNow *Invoke* operation after the *Transform Message* component. +
```

. Set up, test, and save a ServiceNow configuration for the connection to the ServiceNow server. If the connection is unsuccessful, correct any invalid connection parameters and test again. +

. In the *General* tab navigation, set *Service* to `incident` and *Operation* to `getKeys`. +

. Set the Message Body to `payload`. +

> . Add the *Transform Message* component to transform XML to JSON for better readablity. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the *Transform Message* component to transform XML to JSON for better readability. For example:
```

+
----
%dw 2.0
output application/json
---
payload
----
+

> . Add a Logger to the end of your flow that takes a `payload` (or `#[payload]`) as the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a *Logger* component to the end of your flow that takes a `payload` (or `#[payload]`) as the message.
```

> . Deploy or Run your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Deploy or run your app.
```
